updated guest wallet docs (#249)
0xsequence/docs: docs/pages/solutions/wallets/embedded-wallet/examples/use-wallets.mdx

And initialize the SDK in the following way, which is best in a `config.ts` file:

```ts [config.ts]
import { SequenceWaaS } from "@0xsequence/waas";

export const sequence = new SequenceWaaS(
  {
    projectAccessKey: `${process.env.VITE_PROJECT_ACCESS_KEY}`,
    waasConfigKey: `${process.env.VITE_WAAS_CONFIG_KEY}`,
    network: "arbitrum-nova",
  }
);
```
Then, choose your approach to implement an Embedded Wallet:
- [Authenticated Embedded Wallet](/solutions/wallets/embedded-wallet/examples/use-wallets#authenticated-embedded-wallet)
- [Guest Embedded Wallet](/solutions/wallets/embedded-wallet/examples/use-wallets#guest-embedded-wallet)

### Authenticated Embedded Wallet

You'll need to pass the [JWT](https://jwt.io/introduction) `idToken` (or PlayFab ticket) from the social auth method, usually looking in the form of `eyJh...` if it's an `OAuth` token:

```typescript [App.tsx]
await sequence.signIn({ idToken }, "Session name");
```

<Callout type="info">
You can view an example project for implementing this flow with web2 authentication [here](https://github.com/0xsequence/kit-embedded-wallet-react-boilerplate.git)
</Callout>

### Guest Embedded Wallet

> Simply, with a boolean passed in with `guest` key set to `true`, an ephemeral wallet will be created for use in the application with all other normal WaaS functions possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Simply, with a boolean passed in with `guest` key set to `true`, an ephemeral wallet will be created for use in the application with all Embedded Wallet functions possible.
```

```typescript [App.tsx]
await sequence.signIn({ guest: true }, "Session name");
```
<Callout type="danger">

> After the browser cache has been cleared, you will have a new guest wallet generated for the user. Therefore, assets stored in the guest wallet after a browser cache clear will not be accessible by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assets stored in the guest wallet after a browser cache clear or uninstalled the app will not be accessible by the user. We generally recommend after any value has been transferred or is available for the user to claim that you prompt them to sign in with a social provider to ensure asset continuity.
```
